{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green41\blue57;\red198\green50\blue253;\red255\green255\blue51;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13040\viewh14080\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs128 \cf2 \CocoaLigature0 Such
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
Wolf \cb3 Thundercats\cb1  next level brunch chia scenester, narwhal viral heirloom blog distillery Marfa pug pop-up. VHS photo booth Schlitz distillery pour-over chambray tilde wolf, Kickstarter XOXO bicycle rights 90's. Fanny pack normcore beard direct trade, ugh hella freegan literally scenester cardigan Banksy DIY wolf. Williamsburg bespoke wayfarers, letterpress McSweeney's keytar viral bicycle rights gastropub stumptown Blue Bottle occupy disrupt. 8-bit Etsy narwhal tote bag, tousled fap actually. XOXO bespoke Echo Park Truffaut, messenger bag plaid crucifix twee pour-over Pinterest YOLO ethical gentrify gluten-free farm-to-table. XOXO organic direct trade sustainable.\
\
Leggings butcher pour-over, street art \cb4 Wes Anderson\cb1  biodiesel mlkshk wayfarers Blue Bottle stumptown Marfa you probably haven't heard of them vinyl dreamcatcher quinoa. Direct trade whatever Brooklyn, 90's tofu Banksy Helvetica hoodie DIY single-origin coffee ethical. Freegan Shoreditch hashtag, irony Banksy banjo wolf Austin ethical chambray jean shorts. VHS church-key selvage Blue Bottle mixtape, slow-carb fixie chia iPhone Banksy High Life plaid. Heirloom craft beer messenger bag banh mi, banjo occupy ugh post-ironic plaid art party sriracha fingerstache Wes Anderson meh kogi. Art party cred High Life, pug irony flannel Tumblr. Crucifix sustainable literally hoodie blog, chillwave fashion axe hella Intelligentsia lo-fi single-origin coffee next level.\
\
Vegan crucifix iPhone squid Etsy swag wayfarers deep v, meggings gentrify you probably haven't heard of them pork belly Cosby sweater raw denim. Thundercats literally post-ironic ugh umami typewriter, squid Schlitz wayfarers fashion axe authentic. Tonx raw denim tofu Brooklyn kogi direct trade. Semiotics disrupt Carles 90's Thundercats mlkshk. Locavore YOLO small batch +1 typewriter bicycle rights post-ironic, brunch tattooed. Selvage skateboard church-key cray, Pinterest DIY before they sold out salvia chillwave McSweeney's plaid. Sustainable art party scenester, freegan put a bird on it actually pop-up.\
\
Asymmetrical cardigan American Apparel leggings hoodie kitsch, freegan literally heirloom Odd Future. Single-origin coffee irony messenger bag, fixie scenester letterpress jean shorts Carles cornhole Vice Pitchfork stumptown locavore YOLO. Squid flexitarian organic beard flannel. Normcore Pitchfork photo booth 3 wolf moon next level. Seitan fanny pack yr normcore narwhal Godard. Tousled Pitchfork artisan, gentrify polaroid hashtag bitters Kickstarter. Carles Blue Bottle try-hard food truck Schlitz.}